1. Setting up Django 

pip install django
(within a virtualenv activated)

-> create new project:
django-admin startproject crm_automation 

2. Creating an App: 

-> inside crm_automation directory
create a new app with 
'python manage.py startapp data_entry'

3. Models and Admin Site:

Define a 'Customer' model in 'data_entry/models.py'
that reflects the CRM's data structure. 
Utilize Django's admin site to register 
this model, enabling an interface to manage
customer data directly. 

4. Uploading CSV files: 

Develop a form to upload CSV nfiles using 
Django's form handling capabilities. 
In 'data_entry/views.py',
define a view that handles file upload
and processes the CSV content. 

5. Automating Data Entry: 

Write a script within the view that 
reads the CSV file, creates 'Customer' instances,
and saves them to the database, effectively
automating the data entry process. 

6. Review and Refinement: 

Use Django's testing tools for your data entry automation, 
ensuring that the system behaves as expected. 

By leveraging Django, devs can swiftly create 
web automation tools that are both powerful 
and maintainable. This framework not only streamlines 
the development process but also offers a comprehensive 
suite of tools and features that are indispensable for 
modern web automation projects. 
Whether it's automating data entry, 
web scraping, or intracting with APIs,
Django provides a solid foundation upon 
which to build sophisticated web automation solutions. 

-------

Here are steps illustrating how to choose the right tool:

1. Define Requirements: You need a tool that can handle dynamic content loaded by JavaScript, 
manage cookies and sessions, 
and mimic human browsing behavior to avoid detection. 

2. Research Options: You identify several libraries and frameworks 
suitable for web scrapping, 
including Beautiful Soup, Scrapy, and Selenium. 

3. Evaluate Against Criteria: 

- Beautiful Soup is excellent for parsing HTML but lacks the ability to handle JavaScript.
- Scrapy is a fast, high-level web crawling and scrapping framework 
but might have a steeper learning curve and requires additional setup to handle JavaScript. 
- Selenium allows for complete simulation of a web browser, including JavaScript rendering, making it the best fit for complex scraping tasks that involve dynamic content. 

4. Decision: Considering the need to interact with JavaScript-heavy pages effectively, 
you choose Selenium despite its slower performance and higher resource consumption as it meets the crucial project requirements. 

